[00:02] Welcome to the Do Bao Nam Blog computer   channel. In today's video, Do Bao Nam   Blog will share with you how to start a   new page in Word on all versions. In   this video, Do Bao Nam Blog will share   with you two ways to start a new page   at any position in a Word file. The   first method is using the Ctrl plus   Enter keyboard shortcut. For example,   now I will move this entire section of   text to a new page. The steps you need   to take are as follows. First, place   your cursor at the beginning of the   content that you want to move to a new   page. Here, I will place it at this   first position. Then, for the second   step, press the Ctrl plus Enter key   combination on your keyboard.   Immediately, the part where I placed   the cursor has been moved to a new page  . Similarly, right now, the bottom of   this second page is blank. Now, I don't   want to enter content here anymore, but   instead, I want to enter it on the next   page. Usually, you might press the   Enter key multiple times here. However,   this is not the best way. To go to a   new page, you just need to place your   cursor right after the content. Then,   also press the Ctrl plus Enter keys.   This is page 3. Now I will zoom out. As   you can see, I currently have three   pages. Next, I will move on to the   second method for starting a new page   in Word, which is using the ribbon. For   example, now I will go to page 2 and   move the content of the second   paragraph to a new page. The steps you   need to take are as follows. First,   place your cursor at the beginning of   the content that needs to be moved to a   new page, which is this position. Then,   for the second step, click on Layout in   the menu, select Breaks, and then   select Next Page. As you can see, my   second paragraph has been moved to a   new page, and now I have four pages in   this text file. Thus, in the video   content just now, Do Bao Nam Blog has   quickly shared with you two ways to   start a new page in Word that are both   fast and simple. Thank you for watching   the video. Goodbye and see you in the   next videos. If you find my video   interesting and useful, please click   Like and share the video to support Do   Bao Nam Blog. Also, if you haven't   subscribed to the Do Ba Nam Blog   channel yet, please click the subscribe   button and select the bell icon. Click   "All" to subscribe and receive more   useful videos from Do Ba Nam Blog.   Thank you very much. Additionally, you   can search on Google using the keyword   Do Ba Nam Blog. And visit the website   dobanamblog.com or the Do Ba Nam Blog   YouTube channel to watch more useful   videos on computer tips, Style Pro, and   how to use software like Word, Excel,   PowerPoint, and so on. And you can   visit the website dobanamblog.com to   stay updated with the latest useful   articles. Thank you for watching the   video.